The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Less is more.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best is now.
Everything you can imagine is real.
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
Not all those who wander are lost.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Believe you can and you are halfway there.
Do or do not. There is no try.
The only way out is through.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
What you seek is seeking you.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
The obstacle is the way.
He who has a why can bear almost any how.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence is a habit.
A journey is best measured in friends.
Life is what happens when you are busy making plans.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful.
The best revenge is massive success.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your actions.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned. It goes on.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
I have not failed. I have just found 10000 ways that will not work.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.
The size of your success is measured by the force of your desire.
Better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
Freedom is the oxygen of the soul.
The first draft of anything is garbage.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says I am possible.
Courage is grace under pressure.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Ask not what your country can do for you.
That is one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind.
Learn the rules like a pro so you can break them like an artist.
Everything must be made as simple as possible but not simpler.
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Time is what prevents everything from happening at once.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Never memorize something you can look up.
We cannot solve problems with the same thinking we used to create them.
What is essential is invisible to the eye.
The only thing standing between you and your dream is the will to try.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
The most beautiful thing in the world is the ability to think for yourself.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Two things are infinite. The universe and human stupidity.
There is no love without forgiveness.
Patience is bitter but its fruit is sweet.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist.
Not all of us can do great things but we can do small things with great love.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Life is really simple but we insist on making it complicated.
The only thing worth having is a sense of humor.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
When you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains no matter how improbable must be the truth.
The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
I think therefore I am.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
